dvdmaker, moviemk, wmp*: add page (#22085)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/wmpconfig.md

# wmpconfig

> Manage network sharing for Windows Media Player (legacy).

> > Commands require administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This command requires administrator privileges.
```

> See also: `wmpnscfg`.
> More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/desktop/wmp/command-line-parameters>.

- Turn network sharing on or off:

`wmpconfig {{HMEOn|HMEOff}}`

> - Stop a network device (by its MAC address) from sharing to this computer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop a specific network device from sharing to this computer using its MAC address:
```
